== TODO
And debug compiles?

multiple streams of src info - cache, please.


Scalatest gets lost in this circumstance?
Maybe a warning and block?

"scalaSrcDir is test"?
"'scalaTest' 'compile sources' request has no classes to work from, is forcing compile...
"
"'scalaTest' 'compile test' request has no classes to work from, is forcing compile...
"
Yes it does? It works if the test is repeated, but new material fools it?
Test seems to have problems incrementally recompiling? It's the incremental
test compile which is failing to find it's old gear?


Dim the text, somehow

Select groups in -config.

bubble. Because I'm bored.

Guess package names for 'run'.

grep and srcClean would be nice

Stop warning if there's no config file at all.

Fix tests!

Script runner and ssc build
catch errors

errors should go to stderr? Surely?


Should overall verify input files for multiple/type input too?

Should allow default classes to have spacing?

when running, hunt for packages?


protect against pre/post slashes in user-configured paths?



== Done
*"Done" is abandoned as have a basic compile/install loop* Gone GitHub.
Really horrible undocumented rendering from processes , now has line ends at least.
Fixed nasty bug causing scaladoc fail and spew.
Nasty parser bug fixed (empty Booleans)
Commanline parser now returns true for lone switches
Built the progress meter, for what it's worth...
Much basic documentation added.
Added bytecode/introspect actions
Fixed 'verbose' bug
Added 'jar' to Action
Fixed incremental compile bug.
Rework of Runner construction sequence.
Rework of files into Runner and Task and Action.
Massive rework and deprecation in arg parsing.
Boosted the CLParser help.
Split commandline options lists.
Shell call nothrow and handling
Biggish rework of SSCSake makes it handle Java/Scala options as a whole.
Trace deprecated. So it should be, it's already in Sake.
SSCSake now compiles, as promised.
Extended Config to do more work
Proper 'Configure' class
Scaladoc extended for 'strict'
Configure class to handle multiple sources

